but the interesting thing is when people
chase confidence what they chase
if they're looking to be more confident
what they chase is achievement
right they think oh if i achieve then i
will be more confident
which is missing the point because
that's actually what it actually does is
places
your value in yourself to be conditional
on your success and that actually is the
opposite of confidence
yeah so how you been again thank you for
coming back
yeah thanks for having me
yeah is there something in particular
you wanted to talk about
or today uh
not like specific specific um
yeah nothing like particular mind may be
like
slightly about confidence perhaps but
other than that like there's no clear
general direct or
no clear direction i guess yeah so let's
i think confidence is a great place to
start what do you think
okay sure yeah yeah so tell me a little
bit about
uh confidence and
you know what you were what you were
thinking about when you
um i just feel like i have
very low confidence and i um
and just really not just want to explore
that i guess i don't really know
why or like how maybe it was like
how i was raised i don't know yeah
absolutely dude
that's such an awesome topic um because
i
i think confidence is like something
that we don't really understand right so
we like know that some people have
confidence
some people feel like they don't have
confidence but like what is it where
does it come from
why do some people have it why do some
people not have it
um how to get it if you don't have it
those all sound like really really
important things to explore to me what
do you think
yeah okay so tell me a little bit about
what when you say you may not have very
high confidence what
let's start with this how do you know
what do you experience
that makes you think that you don't have
low confidence
well well toast says have some more
confidence you [ __ ]
like i think that's like one to start
um i feel
like basically a lot of my friends will
say a lot of great things about me
whenever i struggle to i guess
have a positive view of myself and i
just
i'm very much like huh like i don't
really see it the same way that they do
um and
yeah i don't know that's just like oh
yeah i
uh kind of don't really see
like much of what i've done as
accomplishments i see them more as like
like things i'm supposed to do or like
things that like just
happen and stuff like that i see so it
sounds like
what other people seem to think is like
praiseworthy
you think is like pretty run-of-the-mill
yeah i think it's very like very
standard or very
i'm like just doing my job or um i got
really lucky with like
my group of friends and the people that
i know um
yeah okay so so what do your friends say
about you that they think is great that
you think is pretty standard
can you give us an example um
[Music]
maybe like if they say that i'm good at
doing my job like
i work at offline tv um and stuff and
then they'll be like oh
like you're doing great like you do this
and that but i'm like
oh i i mean i'm just doing what like you
know job
you like you know you go to work you
have like a job description of like
stuff that you're supposed to do i'm
just doing like
or i'm trying my best to do like
everything that's that i'm supposed to
do and then also like
there's always things that you could do
more of and i
don't even necessarily have all the time
to try to do that
or necessarily there's always something
more you could do in like every
and everything i guess yeah that's true
so it sounds like people say you know
good
things about you that you think are not
really
deserved or like you don't deserve
praise for him
it's like standard yeah and
what do you think would be like
appropriate for you
like you know what would qualify as
something that's like
okay to be proud of like what would you
have to do to feel
confident or proud of what you've done
[Music]
maybe if i was like really really good
at a game
then if people ever complimented me in
that i would feel like
a little more confident or validated
or if i would had like
i don't know a skill like a specific
skill set or talent or something
or yeah i don't know
don't really know what i'm good at i
guess yeah
i know it sounds kind of weird but what
what makes you think that
having your job at ota otv and doing
what you do is not a specific skill or
talent
uh i guess i think of it like if
someone else were to be in my position
like could they do the same thing and
possibly
yeah like yeah possibly better and i
just think like
yeah you know there's so many people out
there there's what i do
i feel like is not very
like special i guess or um
but my housemates tell me that like
no like not i guess it's
they're more concerned about i think
like getting along with everyone and i
can get along with everyone
and stuff but that's like uh
i mean i feel like if you just hired
like a really nice
really nice person too who also like
could work like that could also be the
same thing right
so how hard do you think it is to get
along with everyone
um
i mean it doesn't seem like the hardest
thing in the world possibly but maybe
it's like
i guess you just have to mesh it's it's
hard to say i think it's a
vibe or personality i don't know yeah so
like
here's so here's the tricky thing we'll
get to like past and stuff like that but
one observation that i've made is that
people tend to
take for granted what they're natural at
so like when you're a natural it feels
natural to you it doesn't feel
special right but the whole point of
like
like you know if i was like a chess
prodigy let's say and i was just a
natural attack
chest and like people were like hey man
you're really amazing at chess
but i was like i'm like it's not that
big of a d
it just feels easy like i don't think
it's that big of a deal
yeah and does that make sense so i've
just noticed that people tend to
undervalue
what feels natural at and actually
bizarrely therefore
the things that they tend to be the best
at are the things that they devalue the
most
because there's a perception that what
people
should value is correlated with
difficulty
right like the more we value things the
harder the like the harder something is
the more we value it
and therefore we can kind of create this
weird situation where like the more
natural i am at something
the more likely i am to like undervalue
because it feels easy to me
does that make sense yeah so because i i
would say that you know getting along
with someone is exceedingly
getting along with everyone is actually
like exceedingly difficult to do
and then if you look at most problems
in like content creator groups or even
friend circles
that like a lot of people a lot of the
reason a lot of the drama
like if you were a drama reducing
influence like you are worth your weight
in gold
what do you think about that
yeah i agree with that are you a drama
reducing influence
i hope so but i don't know i feel like
that's
difficult for me to say more for like
easier for other people to say
i think they and i think they do say
that
right well they never said that
specifically
yeah but i think yeah but when they say
you're good at getting along with people
i think that they don't know how to i
think part of the issue is that
they may not be able to articulate what
the value they see in you
is but if i had to bet money just
you know having seen a little bit of
like what different groups of
like he's like why do content creators
break apart
because of drama yeah and like what is
the otv
like turnover in terms of people coming
on and people leaving
like pretty low right yeah
and and so i mean i i i don't know i
mean maybe i'm wrong here maybe
but i can definitely see i think i think
you're it's easy to undervalue like
what you're good at first of all it's
just an interesting dynamic of the mind
and if you're if you're kind of like
smooth things over and you get along
with everyone like that's not easy to do
and that's actually very valuable to me
um how do you how do you feel about what
i'm saying
uh it makes a lot of sense it's like
when
you say it it's like okay like that does
make sense and that
makes it easier for me to like digest
that
like what i do bring some sort of value
when it's again
explained in that way so it's it's like
you're uh
you know if we think about drama
as like i'm trying to think about what
the right video game analogy is
you're like a cleanse for otv right
there's like
like poison ticks and as people create
content together like
you stack up the poison stacks yeah and
and like you need something like you
need a healer
right and the interesting thing is like
the thing about like someone who's
specifically it's not even like a healer
it's like a cleanser
is when the cleanser does their job
right like sort of no one really notices
but when they do their job wrong
like everything just starts like
everyone's like sitting around at half
health in the raid and everything is
falling apart
you know you don't even see like because
even if you look at the end when you
look at the you know the heel meters
yeah the cleanser doesn't have like
looks they haven't healed for anything
and like some other heel meters are like
oh you know i healed for like 20k like
the cleanser sitting there like i'm just
spamming cleanse
you don't see it on the heel meter so
it's sometimes hard to recognize
but anyway i suspect that your
confidence has more to do
you know there's more to it than that
what do you think yeah
probably yeah um
let me just think for a second yeah so
how long have you felt like
uh i mean do you feel like you don't
have confidence or that's just what
other people tell you um
i do i do feel like that a lot um i
didn't realize it until
it was more prominent and in my head
more when one day i had a call
um and i was like talking to
i was talking to toast and then he was
just
i can't remember i was like kind of he
was someone was saying something good
about me or he was saying something good
i can't remember and i was like oh no
it's like it's not like i was playing it
down a lot i guess
and then he was just like hey like
that's my friend you're talking about
right now
like he be like
like and i made me think like why am i
so
mean to myself in a way and
yeah that was just where it mostly like
stemmed from and what when you say
you're
mean to yourself like what kind of
thoughts do you does your mind produce
about you
um i guess just not really thinking too
highly of myself
like anything that i
maybe possibly accomplish or do well i
attribute to a bunch of other things
and um
i guess i just don't really
see what i did as like that amazing or
hard or
so many layers of it um so what what is
can you give me an example of like
something that
maybe people thought was praiseworthy or
an accomplishment and like literally
what your mind
said um
i guess like one of the things was like
i
got masters in league and i had like a
bunch of my friends who are
like really happy for me
and i had a bunch of my friends who are
also like pro players who are like oh my
god like you work so hard and like
you're actually
i like i had to ask them like do you
think i'm actually like a
masters player and they're like yeah
like you're act like you're
caitlin is actually like really really
good and i but like
i still couldn't like i
couldn't get that validation so like i
couldn't feel it myself
and um or people's
say like my friends will come up to me
like oh my god yvonne like you're so
pretty but like i never
feel like i actually am like i don't
like how i
look a lot of the time so i don't feel
like i'm actually
when people compliment my looks i almost
like never believe them
what does your mind tell you about why
they're saying that
um i think i don't know there's always
like different reasons for it they're
either
like my friends so they're they like
love me no matter what
um or they're biased or
other people who are just really
supportive
like viewers and stuff just very
supportive or just like yeah
so yeah so just to
i'm gonna see if i understand so like if
i were to tell you
yvonne i think you're quite pretty you
would say your mind would say oh that's
dr k
he's gonna say that it has nothing to do
with you
it has everything to do with me right
they're just they're just saying that um
i mean
it's not like i think that everyone
is just saying that like they would lie
to me or
just say something like you know just to
make me feel better but i just
never like believe it okay
i don't know if it's like it's like that
doesn't necessarily have like a
correlation but like in my brain i still
won't really like
believe it okay i like believe that they
mean it but i won't believe myself that
i'm like pretty
if that makes sense yeah okay that
that's thank you so much i think that's
a really important nuance let me see if
i got it
so
it's almost like you're you don't
discount what they're saying like you
think that
they actually do believe you're pretty
they're not
just saying yeah they could right
they're not just saying that because
they're your friend
you can understand that people outside
of you may consider you to be pretty or
good at league or whatever
but you just don't believe that about
yourself like they're entitled to their
beliefs but they're just
you know it doesn't affect the way that
you feel about yourself
what do you think about your league play
i think in the beginning i was a lot
more unsure but as time goes on
you see a lot of players and like the
same rank i think like you know what
maybe i
am best or was masters at that time when
i got it
because i see the other players i'm like
oh man
what is this and then that's what i
believed it was but it was through
seeing
other people you know not really through
myself
sure but yeah so i've also
i think like at some point just trusted
my friends as well
because i feel like i kept asking them
like no bias like
serious judge like can you tell me like
if you think like
and then they a lot of them will always
say yes so that like
made me feel better but it took time i
didn't
it wasn't something that i believed i
actually think like i just recently
like what they said i just absorbed it
and was just like
okay like i believed it a bit more
that sounds so interesting yvonne can
you help me understand how one goes
about
absorbing what other people say
it might go along with like observing
more like seeing like
other players who are the same and like
just over time um
thinking about i guess more
like how much i know about the game when
i'm talking about it with people
or um playing it and like just
i guess sometimes when you lean against
other people you just know see
like the skill difference and so i felt
like i was
freaking a lot more a lot worse than i
was because i'm comparing myself to my
friends who are
who are pro players you know like that's
my my
league circle is like a lot of them are
pro players so it's like i'm
i'm never gonna see that or like try to
go for that so why am i comparing myself
to them you know
so i always felt like i was so bad
because i can't
do this like kind of similar things that
they do
not realistic yeah so that sounds kind
of weird
i'm i'm gonna repeat the question that i
asked and i'm gonna repeat your question
you're going to i'm going to share a
couple of tidbits from your answer back
at you
and then i'm going to ask you one more
question okay so i asked
what allows other people's words to sink
in
and the interesting thing is that you
said it's observing more
and it sounds like and then you started
to say things that happened
in your own mind and really don't have
anything to do with what other people
are saying
like your answer was like when i play a
game and i really pay attention and i
realize that
this scrub is a master's level player oh
maybe i really am masters level
right yeah like if you could be this bad
and wind up in masters i certainly
deserve to be here
yeah the things that you know i would
believe on my own if it didn't have like
other people that
well but the interesting thing is that
it sounds like for other people's words
to sink in it actually has nothing to do
with what they say
it has everything to do with what you
observe
possibly yeah and then like what they
say starts to make
more i start to agree with or that makes
more sense
exactly right but so that's you agreeing
with it
but that conclusion you formed by
yourself
so the first thing is like there's a
really important principle here because
people will say things to you and
whether you
deflect or dodge or whether you accept
them
doesn't actually have to do with what
they say it has to do with like what you
internally believe
so that's kind of interesting so
is it okay if i ask you about your
appearance some like
like we're talking about league like it
i i just want to be a little bit careful
here because
you know i know that especially in our
society today
especially streamers female streamers
get judged a lot on their appearance
um that there's a lot of like value and
self-worth
that society will attribute will be
placed on you
or that you will place on yourself
depending about your appearance
and i just want to kind of make sure
that it's okay that i ask you questions
about that because talking about you
know
how you don't suck at league feels safer
to me
then no um i actually am okay with that
i think it'd also be helpful to other
like girls or people out there who just
struggle with anything similar as well
so yeah i don't mind yeah so what do you
think about
uh are you pretty
uh i can
feel pretty at times like when i put on
makeup or do whatever but then like i
look and i'm like oh
not as ideal as how i want to look
and that's just how i feel like i just
think like oh like
sometimes like my face is too like round
or
uh i just don't like a lot of
it i don't know what it is i just yeah
how do you feel about not liking a lot
of the way that you look
um i feel like it's
a big struggle
in terms of being in this space because
i think if i wasn't in this space i
would feel
better like i because there's not as
much emphasis i think on
on how you look but being
on in like photos videos everything
like you naturally want to look good if
you can
especially just for me like as as a
female i want to
like look good all my friends are
freaking beautiful
and it's just like
i don't know it just sucks not
really feeling like you're pretty as
well
sounds like it sucks yeah
i mean it also sounds like you may even
think you're pretty but
compared to your pro-level league
players who are freaking beautiful
you know i'm almost noticing a
correlation there that like
your standard of comparison on the one
hand you compare yourself to pro level
league players and on the other hand you
compare yourself to people who are as
you put it freaking beautiful
i'm sort of noticing a correlation there
what do you think
yeah i think so
and so help me understand when you look
in the mirror what does your mind tell
you
or when you see photos of yourself
um
it could be anything i guess
like to be like completely candid like
i'll just look at a photo sometimes be
like oh like i wish i was taller or
like you know sometimes you just look
short or then
um or like my face will look like
really oh it'll look fine sometimes but
some days
it'll look like more round and i would
just be like i wish i was more
consistent
like i wish i could just like take
pictures and not worry about how i look
after
but that's also a thing that i could
also
work on if i just like for example
they worked out more or like did
something to improve
like uh or lost weight and stuff like
that like that could also
help so it's something that i could
complain about but i can also
actively do something about the same
time so
yeah i'm noticing some self-judgment
there
you're saying in a weird way right
because you're saying like
oh i don't
i shouldn't complain because i could fix
this if i tried harder
yeah i mean i think
i don't like complaining if it's
something that i can do about it
although i still do at times but it's
like uh you can technically do something
about this so
so you don't deserve to complain if it's
within your control
just complain less you know don't
complain as well
yeah about it so let me so we're talking
about confidence right
so let me ask you something if you were
pretty or do you think you'd be more
confident
i'm not sure to be honest because i feel
like
even if i was prettier there's probably
like something else
i'd be like you know i think you're
right
in the picky about yeah right so i i
i would say that you know i know it's
it's kind of harsh but i think that our
society sort of
can objectively rate people's
attractiveness or people can
agree you know out of a statistical
sample and my experience has been that
you know oddly enough confidence doesn't
seem to correlate with attractiveness
in fact if you look at you know
instagram reality
arguably the people who are even like
objectively in the top one percent of
physical attractiveness
feel very very like a big lack of
confidence
and will need to photoshop the [ __ ] out
of their pictures
because they're not confident in the way
that they look
does that what do you think about that
yeah i totally agree with that i
really don't think that even if i was
like
even if all my problems were solved like
if i thought i was like super pretty rfi
like
was really good at games that like there
wouldn't be other aspects
in life that would make that could make
me still feel
not confident so
oh yeah i would even disagree with that
just a tiny bit which is that
you're assuming that if you were
objectively better at league
or objectively prettier that your mind
would feel
not confident about other stuff is that
what you're saying
possibly yeah and what i'm telling you
having worked with a fair number of
league pros
is that even if you're objectively
better you can still lack confidence
and even if you're objectively prettier
you can still lack confidence
yeah so then that begs the question
yvonne
if you were prettier and you still sort
of like if there are
people who are prettier than you are
that are still lacking a ton of
confidence in their appearance
even though on paper theoretically they
shouldn't then where does that
confidence come from
i don't know maybe through other things
that they
are good at because the thing is for me
i feel like i'm not good at anything
like you know i'm like okay like you
know yeah so we can play this game as
long as we want to
and i can tell you that you are better
at me than league
that you are prettier than i am and you
do a better job at otv than 99 of people
that i know
and it's not gonna matter right because
earlier we already discovered that until
you were ready you're gonna swat away
what people say
and oddly enough i know it sounds kind
of weird but like
if you really observe people what you
find is that they can be anywhere they
want to
in terms of objective attractiveness but
they their confidence can still
is almost like independent of that does
that make sense
yeah so let's try to understand that
like what do you think
let's dig in yeah okay so how long have
you
felt uh can you i think you had told me
a little bit about like where you grew
up and how you grew up
but can you tell me a little bit about
that again can you refresh my memory
yeah so i grew up back in canada
in calgary with my parents
and i was an only child
they were kind of strict on me growing
up because i was the only child and i
was a girl
so my mom very much was very strict
and tried to like make like
check up on who i was hanging out with
all the time and stuff like that but
basically how i was raised was um they
always tried me
obviously like to do well in school um
always tried like in chinese school they
would always like
try to
make it so that i get positive
reinforcement for getting like first
second or third place it's like a top
three in the class
um so every time i got like a top
something i would get like a
sort of reward of some sort and then
uh i also they also signed me up for
like a bunch of tutoring classes for
like
math and other things i always had to do
something that was like a couple grades
above
or ahead of what i was actually so like
grade three i'd be doing like grade five
math books or something
um but it i
feel like in a lot of asian or chinese
cultures
it's very much like
uh work hard like you do what you're
supposed to do keep your head down and
like you just
like try to succeed in life somehow
ideally be a doctor
or a lawyer so um
yeah there's a lot of that and also they
always
like kind of talk down on you in front
of their friends but they praise like
the other kids so it's like oh yeah
so-and-so is doing like so well in
school but
uh like yvonne you look at you you never
cleaned the house look at this person
they're cleaning up after themselves so
it's like that kind of thing but for
like everything
um so i think a lot of it
probably did stem from that in terms of
if you even if you
do do well even if you do get like first
second third place whatever it is like
you can always either do better or like
don't
get too ahead of yourself type of thing
help me understand don't get too ahead
of yourself
like don't get too overconfident and
then just like
think you're like i'm i'm great i'm like
doing grade five math right and i get to
grade five i'm kind of like i'm chilling
and i don't think not
like you know progressing or doing
anything after that it's kind of like
don't get too comfortable like you can
still work hard and like try to get
ahead
yeah i hated it though tell me about
what you hated about it
oh i just hated doing extra work and
math and stuff like i was a kid i just
wanted to like
you know play games or like go outside
or something
but instead i had to do all these math
pages
like and then but at the time it just
felt like something i had to do and i
just did it it didn't it didn't really
feel like i had an option anyway
no or i want to watch tv can't watch tv
so yvonne this may sound weird but like
can you hm hold on let me think about
how to ask this
so what was it like so i'm actually
detecting that you didn't have a choice
right yeah i mean i was yeah and had to
listen to my parents
yeah and so sort of like your feelings
didn't matter
right and so i know it sounds kind of
weird but
like how much did you hate doing that
ah
i didn't like hate it because i don't
recall in my memory
despising it that much i think i did
enjoy
like i mean i had nothing else to do if
they didn't let me
go watch tv or do other things it's like
well
like i guess i have time to do this you
know
yeah i don't talk can i toss out what
i'm sort of feeling and then you let me
know but this is like definitely leading
okay so this could be wrong
so i'm hearing that you actually hated
it a lot
but that you felt like you didn't have a
choice so there's no point in hating it
so you kind of turn down the volume on
the hate that you felt
yeah i think so i am very good at like
minimizing things or yeah
like your accomplishments
i think i probably and now that you're
saying
i do minimize in everything in life
which is yeah which i think is what do
you think
what other aspects do you minimize in
literally everything i
i mean event things that happened to me
things that um how i'm feeling
uh or
[Music]
and when you minimize your feelings what
do you
tell yourself to justify that
minimization
i'm not really sure i think it's
different for everything
okay um certain things it's like want to
maintain relationships so we'll minimize
that
another thing might be like
this is just what i have to do for like
work you know it's like current pain for
future gain
so it's like yeah i gotta just work hard
do this
um try to get ahead um
uh well i don't know if i should think
of trying to get ahead any
more i know that's what my parents
wanted me to do but actually like
that thought itself never crosses my
mind almost
i never do work to get ahead i do work
because i just want to like
have a better future but maybe that's
the same thing yeah i was going to say
current pain for future gains sounds to
me like trying to get ahead oh
i guess i don't see it it never like
registered the same way because i don't
think of like trying to get ahead of
others i just think of just trying to
have a comfortable life later
yeah but it's like one is almost i guess
they're the same thing but it just
one feels like you're trying to like get
ahead of other people
yeah but i'm not trying to get ahead of
other people i just want to like
make sure like i'm okay and like my the
people i care about will be okay and
then
yeah i'm not hearing that there's like a
race against others but i
am hearing a lot about delayed
gratification
sacrificing the present for the future
and how you feel in the moment isn't
actually that important
because getting ahead not of other
people but
in your like and i think it's
interesting because that's probably part
of the reason why you're
you know a drama cleanser does that make
sense
yeah like help me understand
i'm seeing some connections there i'm
curious do you see any connections
between
minimizing your own feelings and like
being a soothing
presence for other people
uh yeah there could be a connection help
me understand that
um i mean i ultimately just want
everyone to get along and for things to
just be okay because i think when that
happens like we're just
uh i don't know how to describe but i
just
think everything's just better i mean
yeah i mean that's just ideal right like
we ideally we just want everything
and everyone to get along yeah and i
would even i would venture
so let me know if you think this is
related but that sometimes like you're
willing to set your own feelings aside
or minimize your own feelings
for the sake of harmony of the group
uh yeah that's that's happened but not
in like a bad way it's like
always in a positive way everyone
sacrifices somehow
to like for
the happiness of the group
yeah i i think i didn't i didn't want to
imply that it was
bad or that the group is like predatory
on you and they're like oh my god
they're all
you know pooping all over you all the
time but i i do think that when it comes
to successful relationships
you know a certain amount of
minimization of your own feelings is
like
generally speaking there's a healthy
amount of that
and as long as everyone's doing it to
the same amount it doesn't become toxic
yeah and even sometimes it doesn't have
to be to the same amount it's like you
know 70 30 is usually like
what you can get away with and still
maintain a healthy relationship
what do you think yeah i mean it's just
how like
friends you know just like how it works
like
everyone no one is perfect but it's like
how you
work together and how you like how much
you love each other and everything that
like makes it all
like work out yeah so
i'm gonna just switch gears on you for a
second if that's okay and go back to
something you said earlier
what did it feel like getting first
second or third
uh it was nice it made me feel
like though that i had to like keep
maintaining that though so that was
pressure
and what did it feel like to not get
first second or third
disappointing
can you help me understand more about
what
would happen if you didn't get first
second or third
um i don't think
anything would have happened but it was
just like
i was just getting it like somewhere in
the top three all the time
and then it's like if i didn't get it
then it's like
what's going on type of thing you know
and it's not like
i guess maybe if i was never for a
second or third maybe that pressure
would have never been there
but uh okay so
did you ever relax
like mentally um
could you ease up on the gas pedal
i don't think i ever really relax
except for when i first
graduated university and i just like
told my mom i was taking a month off to
just take a break
before looking for work and i digen play
league for like a month
and i think that was when i relax but
prior to that i would say
no unless i was ever like on vacation or
something i never really like
relaxed it was always just school
to work to like stressing about finding
work
after university because it was so
difficult to
after and then to also
moving tally and then all this as well
so what
let me just think for a second and
when did you start to have thoughts
about your appearance
and being unsatisfied with the way you
looked um
[Music]
i mean i never liked how i looked all my
life
or never thought i was one of like
it sounds oh it sounds very dramatic
when i say it like that
but it's i just never like grew up
thinking like
wow i look pretty or i'm good like it
just it was never like a
oh i like woke up very uh i asked my mom
before i was like mom can you honestly
tell me
how you think i like do you think
because i wasn't sure i was a kid
basically and i asked her like um
do you think i'm like pretty or am i
average and my mom was like
i think you're average i was like oh
okay i'm average
and then that was just like a no is and
then um
i also had a bunch of friends
back then and like maybe i also had like
a long-term
boyfriend at the time as well and
so i never got it's not like i got
validation through other people telling
me i was prettier like through
other guys like potentially like going
after i was in a long-term relationship
and like he always called me
ugly girl as a joke i know it sounds
weird
but it was like a it was like a
yeah he just always said that and then
um
uh i guess
i don't know i'm trying to think um
i just never felt like i really got
or really was pretty i do think i got
i looked better when i started in this
space because i
started caring more about my my
appearance a bit more
but it's not like i think i just like
was prettier than before that's just it
that's like the one thing that i got
in comparison to before so i gotta ask
about the ugly girl thing
right i don't even remember that that's
so long ago
yeah do you have a sense of like
what was going on there like was that
like a term of endearment where he sort
of meant the opposite is sort of what
i'm feeling
yeah i think he like is trying to mean
the opposite but he doesn't say it so he
said the other thing
to make it easier to say all the time
i'm sorry i lost you there like i think
he just called me like ugly girl to like
tease or
try to like be like obviously implied
that i'm not but just like
saying that yeah because he wouldn't say
that if you were really ugly
yeah that's what i think was intended
when he called me that
in our during a relationship how did
getting called ugly girl make you feel
pretty
nope but it it was just like
no it didn't make me feel pretty but it
didn't make me feel awful at the same
time
how did that make you feel
it felt like it was just like a nickname
okay
did it make you feel loved
not necessarily but i didn't feel like
it was really mean at the time either
it sounds mean when i say it now but
yeah it didn't feel mean
at the time how old were you if you
don't want me asking when you were in
this relationship
uh from when i was like 16 to 22.
okay so oddly enough i think that makes
a lot of sense because i think when
you're 16
you don't really know how to communicate
with yeah
a significant other right yeah it's
you just haven't learned yet yeah so
instead what you do is you tend to
say like insulting things in an
endearing manner
because actually saying something
endearing makes you feel like vulnerable
and exposed and especially if you're a
dude like you have trouble doing that
you want to sound tough and you want to
keep things playful
and you want to keep things i don't know
it feels safe somehow
to you know
um
and are you do you mind if i ask about
like
dating recently mm-hmm
like it isn't you it's okay for me to
ask or it's not okay for me to ask
yeah you can ask okay so are you in a
relationship now
uh now i am yeah and how do you feel
in that relationship
uh happy
do you feel confident in the way that
you look
um not necessarily in the way that i
look
i think i just
i don't know i don't feel worse though
okay
i'm gonna ask you a weird question
yvonne is it okay
can you be confident and not being very
pretty
yeah i think i've been i've been trying
my best to do that
i'm kind of just like going my way
through being like
you know what i don't look the priest
but it's okay like just
you know you copy it's like that
that's how i feel yeah is that actually
how you feel though are you okay
okay not being the prettiest yeah i'm so
i'm
like there are obviously days where i
wish i was free i don't expect myself to
be the priest
at all i think i'm just like trying my
best to like get through
with just being okay with myself and
like i'm
there are days where i'm completely okay
and obviously there's gonna be days
where you feel
lower but yeah what's the difference
between those days
um well the difference
i'm not sure uh
not very helpful but uh
i guess some days i just worry more
about my parents those are the days that
i don't like us
where i'm like i just i yeah so when you
worry about your appearance what kind of
thoughts do you have
like i'm very thankful that there's
masks
now so i cover like most of my face okay
so i know this sounds kind of weird i'm
gonna ask you sort of a leading question
but
i would guess i'm just going to say it i
would guess that on the days that you
don't
feel confident in your appearance you're
thinking about what other people think
but yeah possibly and on the days where
you
feel more confident in yourself you're
not thinking about what other people
think
yeah or i care less about what other
people think i'm like ah
if it doesn't matter some some days have
a really
like effort mentality and other days i'm
like uh
yeah i mean i don't wanna i don't like
how i look something yeah
let me just think for a second so i i
feel yvonne
i i don't know i mean are you are you
wanting to have some kind of like deep
emotional catharsis today like do you
want me to help you cry on stream
is that what we're shooting for oh god
i've
i was looking at the difference between
i actually looked at our last session
a little bit before this i was looking
like oh wow i
look freaking depressed or sad or
something i don't know it was so
it looked so different to how i feel now
compared to before how
feel so much better yeah so i i was just
at
just to i'm gonna ask again do you do
you want me to help you have
a deep emotional catharsis uh sure
i'm up for anything i didn't come back
wasn't expecting anything
in particular so here's here's the thing
i i've got like a fork in the road here
okay i'll let you pick okay
so we can talk about you know if you
want to
we can talk about like you know how your
parents sort of taught you like
that your value is not intrinsic right
so what i'm sort of hearing from you is
that
you can never rest so i think like
confidence comes from like
the ability to like be where you are
right so confidence is not about being
prettier actually
in fact it's the opposite it's about
being okay with however pretty you are
whether you're on the ugly end of the
spectrum
or the freaking beautiful end of the
spectrum yeah
um and so it's interesting but then then
the question of like you know why
where did you
how did you learn that it's not okay to
be you
because that's what i think confidence
comes back to
you know and so so this is where it's
kind of interesting because when you
talk a little bit about your upbringing
and stuff like
it was never okay to chill right like
you had to work harder because what you
were
you weren't there yet you always needed
to be better
got to be better got to be smarter got
to do higher level math
you know it's never enough like even
like basically what i'm hearing is like
you were never enough
yeah and so we can talk about that right
so we can share stories and stuff and
you may have a good cry
it you know or what we can do is like
since you are better i feel like it's
sort of almost
it feels a touch predatory to me to like
go down that direction and like give
everyone something fun to watch
and and on the flip side is like we
could actually like
learn something about confidence and
help you sort of like
understand how it's built so it's sort
of like we can be
entertaining or we can be helpful and it
sort of depends on
what you're looking for
hmm um
yeah uh
i don't really know i also feel like
at this point i'm not even sure if it's
like a
nitty-gritty thing that we could get at
because i feel like the confidence thing
like you said before it's just something
i have to probably
or like something that i just like have
to believe in i don't know if that's
not saying that's what you said sorry
but like or something i just have to
slowly come to a realization of
in a sense for other things maybe
yes you don't want to believe in it
that might that might be like a thing
that that's a terrible
that's a terrible idea that's what
happens when people
tell you something that you disagree
with is you rely on belief
right confidence is not about belief in
fact it's the exact opposite
it's like knowing that you're good
right like like you you can try so hard
to believe what everyone tells you about
how pretty you are but like
if you're confident you don't need to
try to believe what other people say
like you just know it yourself
does that make sense so i don't want you
to believe anything i i want you to
naturally come to the conclusion
that i know it sounds kind of weird but
that you may not be the prettiest person
on the planet and there ain't no problem
with that
yeah right i feel like that's just like
a work in progress
i don't know if that's like is it i
think so
what do you think yeah i think
i think it's manageable like it's not
like a huge
it doesn't feel like it's a big
crippling part of my
mental although it does happen pretty
frequently but i can still like
do everything yeah and still do what i
need to do
and yvonne are you enough
uh
in in what way in all of the ways
in all the ways i can ask you
yeah okay go ahead
maybe i'm not sure
are you enough for your boyfriend
yeah i think so are you enough for otv
uh
i think i could be more it's not what i
asked
oh oh um
i maybe okay
do you feel like you're enough for your
boyfriend
um yeah but that's only because
he's like very this
to me like what does that mean
um like he's extremely loyal and like
sees me in like
very positive ways that he would like
only
like he makes me feel like i am like
that's just it just like what i want
what he wants
okay so i know it sounds kind of weird
yvonne
that's a little bit concerning because
what i'm hearing you say is is
that if he was less loyal i wouldn't be
enough
oh oh
because you're doing that thing where i
ask you a question about you
and you respond with someone else's
attitude
i see do you see how you did that
whether you're enough doesn't depend on
your boyfriend's loyalty
i feel like it's just different in
relationships because
you know sometimes you're not enough for
some people and sometimes you are first
it's just like
so it's like that's that's well
yeah yeah so so let me just think about
what i was saying earlier and whether
maybe i was wrong
how do you feel about yourself
in that relationship um myself in the
relationship
i think i
um i'm not sure how to describe it i
guess
i just say that i'm i think i'm like a
pretty understanding or pretty
decent girlfriend
are you a catch
yes do you really believe that
yes good help me understand why
what makes you a catch okay well
uh that i think i am
decently like independent i don't really
i like have my own stuff going on so i'm
fairly
busy and don't need to like have someone
like joined at the hip
all the time no we all can like do our
own thing which i think is healthy
um and
i think i'm fairly reasonable when it
comes to
anything general like just talk it out
or like discuss or anything
um
like it's a that's a i don't know so
yvonne i'm noticing a couple of
different things okay the one
one thing i'm noticing is that i i i'm
asking you
challenging questions that i think
you're giving good answers to
that you genuinely believe and
i'm noticing that you have to work to
get there
does that make sense i could be wrong so
like i like just if i pay attention to
your body language and stuff
it's like when i ask you the question
i'm almost seeing like a flash of one
answer in your mind
which then creates a war with like
another part that has gotten stronger
and then you're like deeply
uncomfortable for like three seconds and
then you come out with a yes i actually
like am awesome in this relationship and
i am a catch
which i do genuinely think you believe
but i
is is it fair to say that you have to
work to get there
yeah i mean it feels a little weird
being like
i'm a [ __ ] catch you know what it is
yeah so what
i have to be like well i think about it
for a second at least think about it you
know like
oh yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah so so here's
the thing
you'll be confident when it no longer
feels weird
yeah i think i think so i think it's
just like a working
yeah so so help help me understand what
is that initial feeling of like why is
it hard
at the very beginning to say yes like
what is that
because i absolutely agree that this is
a work in progress and you seem to have
come
a long and very healthy way i do
genuinely believe that like you see the
value you bring to the relationship
you're absolutely a catch
you know it he knows it we all know it
and yet
there's that little barrier you have to
get over to be
secure in that does that make sense
help me understand what what's that
barrier
i just don't wanna
for one seem super conceited because i
don't feel that way
but also too is like um
there's always room for improvement or
there's always just
something you can do better possibly or
in any aspect not necessarily a
relationship but i just don't think that
you should be like oh yeah like i'm
chill and i'm good from here on out type
of thing because i
that's just how i feel because i think
um like you don't really grow as a
person
maybe since if you just feel like you're
good
so i i'm totally with you like i think
that there's and i'm wondering where
there's like nuance here
like are you okay with where you are
actually let me rephrase that can i
rephrase that
are you um let me think about
i was something i wanted to modify in
that question
not is it oh are you okay with where you
are
is it okay to come as far as you have
yes
are you okay with where you are
so when you feel like you're not
confident
what do you think the answer to those
questions are can you help me understand
that
um
[Music]
so when i don't feel as confident i
think
like other people in my position would
have done better
i think
that what i do is replaceable
or that
i just don't
see myself as that great okay
so those yeah i think i think i
stumbled upon something let me ask you
something are you re
can your boyfriends find someone else
who's as good as you are
i always thought he was like the type of
person who could get along with like
like so many people he's just that
like i mean i think he can meet someone
else and also be like
oh you're pretty cool type of thing and
like they could
do well i don't know if they'd be as
compatible
i think we're very compatible um
but i think he could definitely find
someone who's great as well
yeah that makes a lot of sense i think
you know all of us could
find some you know where there's not
just one person unless you know
depending on what you believe that love
yeah but or do you feel replaceable in
that relationship
i think it's different i think because
people are so different it's very
hard to feel like you could be replaced
in a relationship
because that's a lot more intimate and
there's so many more layers to it
um so
yeah yeah so then let me ask you this
how long
how how long have you felt replaceable
like how long is the feeling of being
replaceable been something that you kind
of lived with
um
it's not necessarily something that's so
prevalent like i never think like
at all the time like wow i'm i'm so
replaceable but i think like
the work that i do maybe or
i'm not sure it's that like i feel like
tasks are very replaceable like
you need someone to order something like
someone else could do that
job sort of thing here here's what i'm
here's what i'm kind of detecting so
first of all i feel like you're
well on your road to becoming confident
what do you think
yeah i think um it gets better and it's
it's not getting worse yep i i see that
so here's what i'm here's the way i
would describe your lack of confidence
so in your brain there is
replaceable.exe
and on some days your brain is like
turn on replaceable.exe and it runs like
a script
and over time what is happening in your
life
is that the number of times that you
click replaceable.exe appears to be
going down
what do you think
yeah i think so and and so it's not that
on a cosmic level you feel like
oh my god i'm so blissful like you're
starting to
see that you have value and like you
know in in real relationships
but that there are times where like this
it's almost like a script that like
activates in your mind where your mind
is telling you like oh you could have
done better
someone else could have done it better
and it seems like your boyfriend doesn't
really like trigger
replaceable.exe yeah but there are some
circumstances or people or situations
that trigger replaceable.exe
right so if we think about confidence
what i'm sort of detecting
in you and also from your story
is that like early on like like someone
wrote the script for replaceable.exe
does that make sense do you have a sense
of when that
script was written or how it got written
i think so can you help me understand
that or explain that to me
um
i think it's stemmed from
how
it's something a little more complicated
but i don't
know if you follow like
a bunch of the drama and stuff that's
happened in the past
but um
i think at some point i was going to
leave otv and as i was going through
like the job description and everything
everything that i was listing in the job
description
felt very uh like someone else could do
this
and i remember like that was a really
sad time for me because
yeah it just felt like
someone else could do it
but it was like a position that i valued
a lot
so i thought we were going down the
non-emotional
route sorry
that i'm talking about maybe my time of
the month is coming you know
i did a little emotional it's sure it
started coming in the last 60 seconds
it kind of just random yeah we came
you're just you're over he's like boom
ovulation time here we go yeah
maybe so i i want you to pay attention
to that feeling yvonne
like remember how you felt
right and like what i want you to really
think about is like in your mind
whether when i ask you are you enough
for your boyfriend
whether that's the lump that kind of
rises up
and then you're actually like no you
don't belong here
i'm you don't belong here but is that
like
the quality of the feeling that kind of
comes to the surface
does that make sense
is that what it is
i can try asking you again
uh like sorry just to
i guess re-ask the questions to make
sure i got it right it's like
do i belong here type of feeling when i
ask you are you enough for your
boyfriend remember how we talked about
you come to the answer that yeah i'm
enough i'm great it's awesome
we're chilling it's all good but
in order to get to that you had to do a
little bit of work right you had to like
move past something
is that fair yeah so what i'm curious
about is that thing that you
moved past does it feel
look taste or smell
like what you felt when you were going
over the otv job description
um
[Music]
i don't know if this answers it but i
feel
like now there are fewer people
who can do like what's listed in the job
description
um but i think maybe it just takes more
of like
there's just different aspects to it i
guess like
that i do believe that there is
something some value that i bring that's
more
but that's just also based off my
friends and my roommates that constitute
like constantly
reassuring me and validating on it too
so like as time goes on i like believe
it more and more
yeah i think that makes sense so i'm
gonna ask you once again about the job
description so like
that feeling that you had when you were
looking at it can you tell me a little
bit more about
what was happening what was in your head
or what you were feeling
um
well when i was looking over it it just
felt sad because it's like
oh like you're leaving
this stuff behind for like someone else
to do and they're all stuff that you
used to do
and
i don't know it's just like that just it
was a sad feeling that's all i could
really attribute to it there's not
a whole lot other than it was a really
difficult time and i was
it wasn't even about the job description
i think it was
more like leaving the people that i'd
grown
really attached to and that i value a
lot because that's also part of the job
um but
yeah is
i just remember thinking like i
wouldn't really have a general direction
to walk towards anymore
like if i at twitchcon or any event
i always have like a general direction i
always walk towards
like otv
and that's like a very i was thinking
about that a lot i remember
crying to
an old housemate of mine about that
about how like
there's no one or like i wouldn't have a
general direction to walk to anymore
and then it's fine because he said that
at the very end when he was moving out
that he thinks back to what i said a lot
because now it applies to him
wow
when you say general direction to walk
towards can you help me understand that
uh it's almost like you go to an event
you see like a group of people you're
comfortable with and you naturally would
gravitate and like walk towards them
to hang out talk it's
it's just like feeling like you belong
or that you're involved somewhere
in the group yeah i think i know what
you're talking about
it's the exact opposite of going to a
party and not knowing anyone
yeah right you're just sitting there
like maybe you've got a drink in your
hand and you're like i don't have anyone
to talk to do people think i'm weird
i don't know like should i approach
these people sound like they're having
fun would i be intruding
it's the relief of all of those feelings
yeah a lot of comfort and
just feeling like safe or like
yeah comfortable
i'm not really hearing anything about
confidence there
i think it kind of went off a bit um
but yeah it's different
i mean did you feel like they were ready
to discard you
i'm not trying to trash them or anything
like that i'm just curious i'm just
trying to think about
how that could relate to someone's
confidence and the best that i can come
up with is like
if you you know if they were like if
they could just you know
you could move on and it wouldn't make a
big difference to them like they're fine
like it's like whatever
um no
no i think it was like
i don't feel that way right now
i think back then obviously i felt like
i was leaving so sad
but they actually made it
very like
they didn't seem like they really wanted
me to go
yvonne do you have any questions for me
[Music]
in um of anything anything like yeah i
feel like we've covered a lot of
different
ground and and i was about to sort of
share what i've learned from you but
kind of before we go there
i was just curious whether you wanted to
talk more about something
or um you know if there were
any anything that i should have asked
more about or you wanted to talk more
about
not off the top of my head necessarily
but can i go to the bathroom quickly
yeah absolutely
okay thank you i'm sorry i have a really
small bladder
it never it never oh
testing testing one two three
oh there we go okay it never ceases to
amaze me how um
how people apologize for needing to use
the restroom
i think i lagged there for a second chat
sorry dr k i have a kidney yeah man how
dare you
yeah right
i'm just reading chat i guess i should
be responding i i really
um there's so much interesting stuff
here
blatter related stuff um
yeah it's weird right like in school how
we we kind of we talk about
you know like using the restroom is like
punishable it's like a punishment it's
like
i remember when i was in middle school
like we would have a certain amount of
time to like
go to our locker and then presumably pee
and we had these like gigantic textbooks
so you really had to map out your day
because like you know peeing a couple
times a day would be a real problem
because every
class you have to go back to your locker
put away like one textbook grab the next
textbook it was idiotic
i'm back welcome back so
yvonne here's what i was kind of
thinking is um
you know so it seems i understand that
you've got
sometimes you've got like confidence
issues but it seems to me like um
you're working on those and they're
growing i was thinking actually
since you're so sometimes when people
have confidence issues there's like some
kind of root
thing which we can kind of talk a little
bit about i think we could sort of touch
on that a little bit
but what i was actually feeling from
today is is we can sort of almost put
together a lot of what you've shared
about your
journey so far and see if we can
understand a few principles
about where confidence comes from so
that
as you continue to walk this journey you
can maybe be a little bit more mindful
or focused about building your
confidence
how does that sound yeah sounds good
okay so it may not be i know we had a
little bit of emotion there but it may
not be like
oh my god the reason you're not
confident at the age of seven like
you you know someone like yeah like
there's a dog that was walking down the
street
and it was about to lick your hand but
it went and it preferred another human
and then i don't know if my brain can
even like i don't even know if i
remember
like a freaking story like i could even
pinpoint that yeah
like that so so we'll get to that right
so we'll
so the first thing is i want you to just
look at your mind
and recognize that sometimes people say
things to you
and your mind like swats them away
right or it like makes excuses and it's
like oh this person is saying this
because he is loyal
this person is saying this because they
are my friends
that what they're saying doesn't have as
much merit
is like the fact that they are the ones
that sang it
and so it's almost like your mind kind
of like discounts it right
um the second thing is that we do have a
tendency generally speaking to
undervalue what we're natural at
so like you know you may think that this
is something that anyone can do but like
really it's not the case
like a lot of people may be able to
theoretically do what's in the job
description but to do it like
as well as you do and as
you know because people can do it and
still be like complete pains in the ass
mm-hmm does that make sense like i it's
hard to describe but like i
you know i think it's very easy to
undervalue like what people are natural
at
um and then the third thing is i want to
point out that you know when you were
talking about like
when you feel more confident there seems
to be a correlation between
when you think about other people and
when you don't think about other people
so when you compare yourself more the
confidence goes down
when you observe like when the focus
when the
telescope is pointed towards you
confidence will actually increase
and when the telescope is pointed
towards other people it'll actually
decrease
so that can look like comparison or it
can look like what will people think
oh my god it's so nice that i have to
wear a mask because now people don't
have to look at my face
right it's kind of a brutal thought but
it's like literally what your mind will
say
the point though is that like confidence
you know it's kind of
people say stuff oh that confidence
comes from within like literally it does
come with it from within
yeah and then people get confused
because but people don't understand like
the mechanism of how do i get the
confidence within
and literally it is like the more time
your mind spends thinking about other
people
are thinking about what other people
think the less time you will be
confident
now you also said that you exist in a
space
where there's a lot of inherent
comparison
right and that's tough so what i see and
this is like what we found so we have
you know a content creator program at
healthy gamer and what we've found
is that absolutely like the more that we
can help content creators
see themselves as like individuals as
opposed to like comparisons like the
more that we can help content creators
not think about what other people are
doing or how this person oh my god this
person is completely blowing up
and even though i'm growing at a steady
clip i feel bad about myself because i'm
not blowing up
so there's like a lot of comparison that
will
negatively impact your confidence the
next thing to kind of think a little bit
about is that i do
think there's something about
you not being enough or replaceable
which was like definitely like it's just
part of the asian upbringing
you know and and it's funny like you
kind of said
you know like it's like be a doctor or a
lawyer otherwise
you don't deserve to be confident like
you were literally taught that
you get to chill when you get into
medical school and not a day before
i mean literally my dad told me when i
was nine years old
and my brother was 12. he was like one
of y'all is gonna be a doctor and one of
y'all is gonna be a lawyer
and then i used like that was not like
he wasn't kidding
yeah he was like those are the options
and also that we both couldn't choose
the same thing because he's like
together we will be the uber family
because of y'all will be a doctor and
one of you all will be a lawyer so we
will have both
boxes checked so if someone runs into
legal trouble one of the two y'all can
handle that and if someone runs into
medical trouble one of the two y'all
will handle that that is that's crazy
and so yeah he became a lawyer i became
a doctor oh my god
that works that just works you don't
give him another option
it works uh yeah i think it i don't i
actually don't really think the two were
related
but i will say like so when i was in med
school people would ask me right because
when you interview for med school
they're like why do you want to become a
doctor and i would tell them this story
and then i would say my brother was
older so he chose he got to choose first
and he went to law school so here i am
and then we'd laugh about it and then i
wouldn't have to answer the question why
i was there because i didn't have a good
reason
okay that's good that's a good one yeah
um but but i i do think i see this a lot
where people like struggle with
being confident and because like this is
the this is the lesson you were taught
right like you were taught like
they're like there's like the best
they're the perfect kids
they're the great kids and they're the
good kids
and whether you're confident is
determined by which
group you fall into right and so the
interesting thing is that let's say for
a second i'm not going to try to be mean
or anything here but i'm going to say
something that maybe some people will
find mean
let's say you're not the prettiest
person on twitch
which i will agree with like if you were
to say
dr k i don't think i'm the prettiest
person on twitch i would say yvonne i
think you are correct
yeah and the issue though is that if you
were to tell me like
dr k i wasn't perfect in school i will
also agree with you
if you were not valedictorian you were
not perfect that's fine you were
you were not the best i will agree with
you
i will not try to convince you otherwise
the difference is i will say
that's actually okay that you don't have
to be the prettiest person on twitch
you don't have to be perfect and that
actually if you want to give like the
most
value you have in the world and the most
benefit you can give to the world
is not by living up to an external
standard but being
confident in who you are and there's an
interesting point
here because it doesn't mean that you
can't be better that you shouldn't be
better i don't think you should chill
this is the other thing that
you know the asian upbringing gives you
is the idea that unless you're grinding
you're chilling it's like
there's two groups there's the people
who are two years ahead in math
and they're the deadbeat potheads and
there's nothing in the middle
and if you're not one you're the other
does that make sense
yeah right that's the way we were raised
it's like if you're not
ahead you're behind yeah like it's weird
it's like there's no
there's no like being just where you are
and it's like okay to be where you are
yeah it's just and and so i think it's
kind of interesting because like in your
mind you're gonna have all these
different like exes it's gonna be like
you know when you when you it's going to
be your boot order and like your
your processes that boot up when you
load up windows and there's going to be
a lot of that crap in there
and so when it comes to confidence i
know it sounds kind of weird but like
there's a part of me that says you know
the next time you feel like
you're not very pretty instead of trying
to convince yourself that you should be
prettier or that these people are
prettier than you or whatever
i would encourage you to think a little
bit about what's wrong with that
right like i would question the
structure that your mind is telling you
because i think when it comes to people
like your boyfriend
when it comes to the people who really
care about you like you don't need to be
prettier
like what do you think what does your
mind say when i say that
yeah i agree i just uh
it would just be nice to be so
i'm going to the gym and like all this
stuff to try to like
at least feel better about myself which
i do so going to the gym
has actually recently been very nice
because i at least feel like
no matter what you go to the gym you
make progress you never like
regress so so i think that's that's like
super
healthy and i would encourage that
because it's not about living
because the interesting thing there is
that it's not about living to a standard
right it's just saying
hey like i can that's where confidence
comes from it's sort of like looking at
your life and saying like
this could be better i'm gonna do
something about that
and so the interesting thing is that the
confidence doesn't come from your
progress at the gym
the confidence actually comes from
because like if you're thinking about
progress at the gym i know it sounds
kind of weird but then you're thinking
about other people
oh if i go to the gym three times a week
then people will think i'm sexy
as long as that's the thought process in
your mind you actually won't gain
confidence
yeah and that's not it
for me at least that's
um i feel better i feel healthier
i feel like uh
it's it's just like having the
discipline that makes me feel
good that i went is
like the battle is really just get
getting up and going and leaving your
house so when i already do that i feel
better
and then also just like you feel
yourself making progress or getting
stronger because it's
visible and then so like that feels
really good
so who are you thinking about where is
the telescope pointed when you go to the
gym
um not thinking about other people
absolutely and that's why it leads to
confidence
and i've i've worked like so the let me
just think about this for a second
one of the hardest if not the hardest
patients
i have ever worked with are people who
are bodybuilders with body dysmorphic
disorder
so like these are people that like no
matter how like it is the
like it's hard to describe but is like
it is the the mental illness that is
like the hardest to displace
like i can convince psychotic people
that they're wrong i can convince
depressed people that
they should live i can even convince
from time to time manic people that they
have not figured out
you know the grand unified theory of
physics the one person that i have never
succeeded in convincing
is like the bodybuilder with body
dysmorphic disorder no matter how hard
i've tried i cannot make a dent
that despite being one of the most
absurdly chiseled people on the planet
that it is enough and it's so weird
it's like the hardest thing to treat
like i feel pretty confident treating
just about everything else but like
body dysmorphia specifically in body
even women with body dysmorphia i do a
pretty good job
it's like men with body dysmorphia that
like it's impo like
as long as they're thinking about the
other person they can be in the best
shape of their life which is the other
interesting thing about confidence is
that as long as you're thinking about
becoming prettier you're not going to be
confident
right so this is a very common
misconception about confidence is that
people think that confidence comes from
achievement or success
what do you think
i mean it could help i just don't think
it's like the one
like solving factor i guess yeah
which which i and i think it can help
too
but the interesting thing is when people
chase confidence what they chase
if they're looking to be more confident
what they chase is achievement
right they think oh if i achieve then i
will be more confident
which is missing the point because
that's actually what it actually does is
places
your value in yourself to be conditional
on your success and that actually is the
opposite of confidence
so like your parents basically you know
i'm not trying to bash your parents here
my parents were sort of the same way
right it's asian parents and they were
like or jewish parents or nigerian
parents it's
it's not exclusively asian as well yeah
but they were basically like
you know you we will be proud of you not
based on who you are as a person but
based on your achievements
and so that's where like asian people
like i've worked with thousands of eight
not thousands hundreds of you know asian
and indian kids
who like they are taught like they have
troubles with confidence because they
are taught that your value as a human
being is dependent on your performance
and so i think like that's where it
started and then i think you have had a
couple of these other
experiences where you felt like
replaceable and then the third thing if
i wanted to understand your confidence
was that i think you live in an
environment that causes you
your mind to compare more yeah and that
the more you look towards yourself your
confidence will grow
and the last bit that i would say is
just pay attention to the next time
you feel you notice that your mind is
like swatting things away
and then like the more that you look and
observe that within yourself because
when we asked you how did you gain
confidence you were like oh i started to
observe myself
i started to make my own observations
instead of thinking about like i started
like watching players and be like
these people suck right
and so the more you make your own
observations
the better off you're going to be
because if you really think about it
when you swat away someone's compliment
you're not making an observation
it's a conclusion that you're putting
forth does that make sense do you
understand what i'm saying there
it's like a reflexive pushing something
away without actually like objectively
looking at it
yeah like a reflex exactly
so it's not like it's a reflex it's not
an observation
and so the more that you observe the
more you go to the gym
the more that you look at yourself like
the more your confidence will grow
and i think you're well on your way
what do you think yeah i think so
i think like just doing small things
along the way
definitely helps and it's not like i'm
instantly gonna
be there but i'm getting there i think
and just
like i'm i'm not trying to be like super
mega confident
like i can accomplish anything but i
just want to be
more than where i am right now and i
think that's like achievable
are you okay with where you are right
now um
i'm fairly okay with it um i would like
to be
like improve overall in general but like
other than that like
i can't complain too much
so yvonne you sound confident to me
i do yeah
well maybe right now
do you do you feel confident
uh i mean not necessarily
but uh do you feel a lack of confidence
it comes in waves like
yeah so i i feel very like
normal right now there's not like a
fluctuation
not like up or down very yeah so i know
it sounds weird but it's that normality
which i think is actually the essence of
confidence
oh you know
it sounds kind of weird but it's like
as you go into different places like
when you meet your boyfriend
and you feel normal like
that's what a healthy relationship looks
like right like that's how you feel
like it's not feeling is if your mind is
like oh i should be prettier or
i'm hot [ __ ] he is so lucky to have me
like both of those like one of those is
ego
one of those is a lack of confidence
yeah
which he may be i mean it sounds seems
like he's a lucky dude tbh
yeah yeah i'll show him this clip
what do you think oh i mean i think i'm
lucky too
i mean i'm like just as lucky so as soon
as i said that you crossed your arms how
are you feeling did it pop up again
um i don't know because it could just be
embarrassing
because i complimented you or it could
be like which one was it um
was it an awesome oh stop it
i mean i think like i think also like
it's not just
me you know i think he's i'm also or i
think i'm also very lucky because he's
also like why the [ __ ]
are we thinking about you though i don't
know
why can't you just dude he's a lucky
dude like what
why can't why can't you just bestow upon
him the awesomeness that is yvonne
i because maybe i just see it like both
it goes both ways you know relationships
is just like like you compliment each
other i may not be lucky
like i may not be a good girlfriend to
someone else
right yeah i'm i i'm really confused now
because
there's a part of me that's like
you know if he's a lucky dude like you
think he's a lucky dude
i know that sounds like a really simple
question but i'm just like i mean
i don't know what would you have to be
for him to be a lucky dude
what would have to be different
ah i'm not sure
i'm not even maybe if i was like
better in like every aspect a little bit
be like oh yeah they're really like you
know like no
we're not like uh they're just
each other yeah so it's interesting
right because i think it's like it's
weird because it's like
it's 50 there yeah because there's a
part of me that's like you know what
you're you sound confident i think it's
there but there's also some resistance
like you can't
you feel like you need to be better in
every dimension for him to be lucky
i just never think like damn you're so
lucky to have me that's like never a
type of thought yeah that
that that sounds like that that sounds
yeah it's
just very much like oh i think we just
like get along and complement each other
well
okay so i don't know if that's like a i
don't look at like
my criteria or like my resume and be
like
that they're lucky to have me it's
always just like a compatibility thing
or like a okay so like the other it's a
different thing
for me yeah i i hear you so i think what
was happening there is that i was trying
to apply
a particular like system to your
relationship which is just not the way
that you see your relationship
yeah so it's not necessarily yeah
yeah i don't know i don't know that it
was actually like a lack of confidence
thing
it was just more like a lack of
arrogance thing and just sort of like uh
this is how relationship work
relationships work i just don't think of
him
it is like i'm you know god's gift to
this particular person i don't think i'd
be like that for anyone you know it's
just
like do you guys get along like how well
do you mesh and i think that's like the
a huge essence as to like whether a
relationship works out or not not really
like
is this guy or girl freaking
attractive af and like all these other
things got it so that actually sounds to
me like if you had said yeah yeah so it
sounds like you're moving away from an
objective standard and just appreciating
what you have
yeah i i don't feel like a huge emphasis
when it comes to like
about above the things that we discuss
like in that role in this relationship
yeah i i get that so i think that was me
trying to apply
a particular set of language to that
doesn't seem to fit
so it was just weird though because i i
thought when i
you know i mentioned something that
seemed like a compliment like it was
hard for you to take what do you think
oh yeah it's been like that
with a lot of things in general every
time there's like a compliment i think
like
it's just so hard for me to take
compliments i can't and just
yeah so what are we supposed to do when
you receive a compliment
like pay attention to your mind think
about what you're thinking we're going
to try again
okay oh gosh and i want you to pay
attention to what your mind says
if you can think out loud
all right so you ready yes it's gonna be
a tough one
you're very pretty
what is your mind doing
it's like 50 okay so tell me what it's
saying
you're saying like oh like
i just i just think in my hand like oh
thanks and then like that's like
my confidence doesn't waver but it
doesn't like i don't feel
there's not like a huge up or down
hey does it make you feel uncomfortable
when i say that
but that is mainly because i'm
uncomfortable with compliments or i
don't like accept them right away
yeah yeah so so what's what pushes back
tell me what pushes back
um i think i just don't
okay it's weird like i just don't hear
it very often that someone will say that
outright to me
yep yeah so you're on so should we try
again
no not that's not what i meant so let's
let's we're gonna we're gonna
teach you how to okay i mean like
nobody like looks at me and says
go like that that's awesome here we
[Music]
meant go this is we're going
on a really awesome at league
oh am i now
yeah not anymore
even if i was i haven't played in a
while so
you used to be really awesome at league
how's that one
so where's that thought coming from
right well it's coming from the bad
games that i've had i've seen them all
you know when it's you you've seen all
the good and yeah
but your mind is not going to the good
games
it's automatically going to the bad game
so we're going to try one more time so
what's what's your
what's your job description at otv
uh how do i name him
yeah like what like what's your what's
your job like
what's like what's not description title
uh like a manager okay so you're an
awesome manager
that i feel pretty confident in what
does your mind do there
i think i'm decent but i could do better
right so like i want you to notice like
what
your mind is doing right like where is
it getting those thoughts
um i just think it's
the truth i think if i had like i could
there are always things i could do to do
better in that aspect like there's so
much
um i could learn or that i could put
time into
um yeah i could do better but i'm still
awesome
why can't you be both
i could be both but
i just don't feel entirely
there yet maybe but i feel like i'm
putting my heart into it
just like
my capabilities or experience wise may
not be there
if that makes sense like i'm not like uh
there's other areas that i'm not as
interested in or that i'm not as like
experienced in which is just you know
natural and
i think that's okay
but i could be better in those areas
okay well you so you said something that
was really interesting to me you put
your heart into it
that seems really amazing to me
what do you think
uh well i think that mainly just goes
into like caring about the people in it
so i like i think what makes you an
awesome manager is that you care so much
about the people that you work with
how is that
yeah i can agree with that
and what are you feeling now emotional
what's the emotion
well um seriously i think what's it's
awesome like i think that's why everyone
around you appreciates you so much
because there may be people who have
more skills there may be people who have
more experience
but you care so damn much and you give
it everything you've got
and they can count on you to do that
and that's what really sets you apart
that's why you're irreplaceable
i cry every time one i want to hear
there we go how do you feel about it
it feels better i feel better
hearing that yeah it's weird like but i
i think that that's something that i can
feel you
own
which is good i think you're on your
road to con like
because that's that's a hefty one right
i was like really like
i mean that was some high praise right
there that's some good [ __ ]
i mean i can only believe because i feel
the emotions very intensely than that
it's like
yeah so so i and i think that's that's
where it's like it's it's what you feel
in here like that's when we say like
confidence comes from within that's what
it is because that was
that was clearly i think a better
compliment than anything else i've said
was the best yeah that was like the best
thing
yeah and and so i i don't know where we
are now but i feel like we've learned
something i just don't know what i did
but i think we're getting there and
honestly i
appreciate that so much more than
someone telling me that i'm pretty
i like that like so much more
i don't know it's a correlation or
anything but
like i yeah i'm gonna meme with you here
but if i went into as much detail about
why i think you're pretty that would be
a tos violation and we all have
to go home so okay we gotta
stay with safe professional stuff it yes
you know
yeah any questions you want
um no i
yeah nothing that comes to mind
um what about you i i mean i
i think not really i mean i shared what
i
i've loved talking to you i think it's
been awesome i think it's been really
interesting because
what we see is people who are at the
beginning of their confidence journey
and we see people who are confident i
think it's been an
absolute pleasure to talk to someone
who's like
halfway there um i
i was really really happy to see that
you can actually like receive like
authentic praise that's well deserved i
think it demonstrates to me that
you know you have your mind will latch
on to whatever justification in a sense
that it has that maybe
someone can do stuff better but that you
can genuinely see
like what you are worth to otv
you can genuinely see what you're worth
to your boyfriend you can genuinely see
you know what you're worth to like the
twitch community and
and other people and that it you don't
have to be the smartest person
you don't have to have the most
followers you don't have to be the
prettiest
you can just be you and that's like
awesome um
and so i i think it's cool to really
like talk to you and see
exactly where those barriers of like
what you can take and what you can't
right like what feels natural and like
okay and what doesn't
and that's the tricky thing is we think
about confidence i have confidence if
it's binary
but it's not binary right it's like a
slow process
and i think you really did an awesome
job of illustrating especially when you
talk about going to the gym it's not
about being prettier because like when
you hear yourself talking about it's not
you know it's like i'm doing something
that i can be proud of and that's where
confidence comes from it's all internal
mm-hmm it's very much like for me
progression
helps me build like confidence if i
could like
see it or feel it yeah and i think the
really tricky thing is when people lack
confidence they swat away the
progression
right because there's there's this voice
in your head that for some people when
you go to the
gym it says it's not enough you could be
doing more
you could be doing more you could be
doing more and so it's interesting
because we can hear
actually in specific cases where your
mind defaults to i
you could be doing more and where it's
like you know what i'm actually pretty
great
could i do more absolutely but i feel
okay with what i've done i'm genuinely
like bringing
value so that's what i really enjoyed
about this it's kind of nuanced
but yeah
last thoughts or questions before we
wrap up
[Music]
nothing but i'm just really glad that
like i don't know the two i feel like
the two sessions that we had were so
different obviously but like i feel
really happy that we had this session
like just like
very like one year later and like
yeah it's been i think it's been a
little over a year
but uh you just helped me so much the
first time i really appreciate it you
like hit the nail on the head a lot
of how i felt and
put a lot of like i guess feelings that
i had in my head into words
that like perfectly described it so
yeah just wanted to thank you for that
yeah yvonne i'm debating i'm just gonna
go ahead and say this so the first thing
is that
i'm incredibly proud of the progress
you've made in the last year i think
it's truly amazing i think
what you have managed to do with
yourself and the person that we're
talking to
is a testament to like the resilience of
the human spirit
um and you know
the other thing is that sometimes
particular events will happen to people
that will shatter their confidence
you know and it doesn't necessarily have
to happen in your upbringing but like
there are particular things that can
happen to people that can really
shake the way that they feel about
themselves and be confident about
themselves
and it's been really nice to see like
how confident and comfortable you are
it's cool like it gives me hope for
humanity
so thank you for being you
yeah well you too thanks for helping a
lot of people as well
you're most welcome um
i guess that's it
[Laughter]
well best of luck to you yvonne you know
let us know if you
need help on your journey down the road
um
you know if you're if you're all the way
there at some point and want to share
with us that's totally fine or if
something else comes up
but i think i think you're crushing it
so keep crushing it thank you
you're welcome take care thank you
oh [ __ ] i forgot meditation yeah i
completely flubbed
i forgot that i i was i need to ask you
if you want to meditate today
okay i've never done it before but i'm
happy to try
okay um let's start with this what do
you
what would be the goal of you meditating
what do you want meditation to do for
you
maybe to de-stress but i feel stressed a
lot
okay um and when you get stressed what
what happens to you
i just
hey i lay down or something i don't know
okay so you feel like mentally
overwhelmed and you become like
inert like you don't move around
um it depends sometimes i feel stress
and i work
so then i feel less stressed because i'm
productive and have done stuff
um and then sometimes i just like
feel stressed or tired so i lay in bed
and just like take a break
for a bit
okay um i'm gonna teach you
a meditation practice called bellows
breath okay
okay so it's a particular kind of
breathing practice that is going to be
forceful inhalation followed by forceful
exhalation
and we're going to breathe like
relatively rapidly and then kind of calm
down a little bit afterward
for people who have watched this before
i actually got the names confused so
this is different
from actually what i used to teach is
called breath of fire but
so bellows breath i want you to sit up
straight i'm gonna blow my nose
i think you should too i got teary
towards the end
oh yeah and got caught up with how
awesome you are
oh god
i'm just going to toss those out
okay okay so i want you to sit up
straight
super straight okay so
are your knees lower than your hips
no i'm saying cross-legged so no oh
okay so that can be good do you have a a
small
like pillow or bro blanket that you can
sit on if you're sitting cross-legged
but just i have this yeah so can
fold it up
oh it's a rope yeah oh i thought it was
a blanket
well it's a blanket room okay
can you sit on top of that yes
but not under your knees you want to put
it under your
hips okay
and then sitting across like this good
so now you may notice if you sit
cross-legged are you sitting up
straighter
now that you're sitting on the robe okay
so
this this technique is actually super
simple so what it's going to hopefully
help you do
is kind of calm you down and energize
you at the same time
so what we're going to do is i'm gonna
breathe in
got it
okay so this is um
yeah so what we're going to do is like
15 breaths so i'm going to close my eyes
and i'm going to demonstrate one round
so
and you kind of want to do like one
second in one second out so one
two one two okay but you're going to
count for like 15 breaths
so i'll demonstrate
then you're gonna be like super chill
afterward okay
all right you ready yes i don't know if
i'm going to do it right though
you're of course you're not going to do
it right it's your first time okay who
does something right the first time
uh really talented people
basically no one all right okay okay so
close your eyes sit up straight
and then begin
okay were you breathing out pretty hard
like in and out hard or could you could
you give it more oomph
it felt hard but i don't know how hard
i'm supposed to go because i feel like
if i went harder it wouldn't be very
it wouldn't feel very nice go harder
go harder okay okay we're gonna do 15
rounds
okay so i have i was i wasn't sure how
many times do i do i get 15
yeah okay or if you want me to i can
keep track and i'll tell you
oh you want me to count with you would
that help
okay okay so close your eyes
and go hard this time okay okay three
two one go
one two three
four five six
seven eight nine
10 11 12
13 14 15.
now just sit
how do you feel that's really comfy
he's really relaxing were you exhaling
hard too
it seemed like you were putting
everything into the inhale i
i think oh well yes but i feel tired
yeah so it's like i think i think it
worked right
is it supposed to make you tired after
well i think if you
inhale really hard and you don't exhale
as hard
it may have a slightly different effect
okay
well i felt like i was chilling yeah you
were chilling that's good
so you can have a chilling so if you
want to be if you want to balance the
energizing a little bit better
i would push out practice a little bit
more on
on pushing out the exhalation okay
because let me let me think about what
this is doing
yeah you may be becoming slightly hyper
carbic
which is the opposite of
hyperventilation
if you're not exhaling forcefully enough
if you're just like sucking in a bunch
of air like if you're sucking in more
air
then you're exhaling you may actually
start to feel a little bit
trippy is that when you say
relax or we stop talking to like a
little bit woozy trippy
or more just just relaxed i think just
relax
okay yeah okay you want to try one more
time
with hard exhalations are you done you
can be done
i might just feel too tired for it i
don't know
i feel like tired now okay so just
let's stop then so i i swear i'll do it
afterwards
yeah try again because the i mean i
guess it's this is the how to tire
yourself out meditation
i suppose we may we may have stumbled
upon a new technique which i'll have to
think about
but it might also be me waking up like
a little bit earlier than you no i mean
i had some coffee and then
it's like no i'd say it's possible
yvonne that you have you have
unknowingly stumbled upon a wonderful
technique for insomnia
because you have your coffee and you
feel tired
some coffee crash caffeine
i don't know so i'll experiment with
this i encourage if people are watching
and and practicing with you i i i wonder
if you do like
sharp inhalations with minimal
exhalation whether you feel
tired
if it's useful i'll meditate because
sometimes people want to calm down and
they want to like mentally chill out
right like they want to like
calm that down yeah that's really
helpful too so we may have stumbled upon
something i don't think i've ever seen
this
it's interesting because we have the
opposite where we have forceful
exhalation with very mild inhalation and
that
is breath of fire and then this one is
bellows breath
but i i don't think that there's a
there's an opposite version of this it's
interesting so i'm gonna experiment
thank you yvonne you may have stumbled
upon something
okay good job yeah no problem anytime
all right take care everyone yeah thank
you
bye bye
all right chat that was unexpected but
hey
evan may be super yeah breath of a
breath of fire is uh
the it's the yvonne method